README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Tip calculator app

![Design preview for the Tip calculator app coding challenge](./preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge.

[Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io) challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Your challenge is to build out this tip calculator app and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

You can use any tools you like to help you complete the challenge. So if you've got something you'd like to practice, feel free to give it a go.

Your users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Calculate the correct tip and total cost of the bill per person

Want some support on the challenge? [Join our community](https://www.frontendmentor.io/community) and ask questions in the **#help** channel.

### Links

- Solution URL: [click here for GitHub repository](https://github.com/takahashiyb/)
- Live Site URL: [click here for Live Site](https://github.com/takahashiyb/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

For this exercise, my time was spent well. I started with laying out the elements without styling which gave me some solid ground where everything was in place, then, I scripted all that I needed to script, and only after did I style everything to the design. It made me realize that this the optimal way for me where I'm not losing focus while working on the challenge. It was important that I established my workflow for this, since I don't have to think about what to do next whenever I finish a chunk of the work, I just had to move on to the next step, rather than still getting stuck just wondering which part is more effective or more interesting to work on next. I also learned to refactor functions to a point where I felt everything was organized and less complicated to read.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@takahashiyb](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/takahashiyb)

Commit message:

Change location of Decimal.mjs from node_modules to libs, since this causes errors

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Tip calculator app

![Design preview for the Tip calculator app coding challenge](./preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge.

[Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io) challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Your challenge is to build out this tip calculator app and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

You can use any tools you like to help you complete the challenge. So if you've got something you'd like to practice, feel free to give it a go.

Your users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Calculate the correct tip and total cost of the bill per person

Want some support on the challenge? [Join our community](https://www.frontendmentor.io/community) and ask questions in the **#help** channel.

### Links

- Solution URL: [click here for GitHub repository](https://github.com/takahashiyb/tip-calculator-app-main)
- Live Site URL: [click here for Live Site](https://takahashiyb.github.io/tip-calculator-app-main/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

For this exercise, my time was spent well. I started with laying out the elements without styling which gave me some solid ground where everything was in place, then, I scripted all that I needed to script, and only after did I style everything to the design. It made me realize that this the optimal way for me where I'm not losing focus while working on the challenge. It was important that I established my workflow for this, since I don't have to think about what to do next whenever I finish a chunk of the work, I just had to move on to the next step, rather than still getting stuck just wondering which part is more effective or more interesting to work on next. I also learned to refactor functions to a point where I felt everything was organized and less complicated to read.

I just learned as well to not make a node_modules folder since that only works with npm and will not be saved to github if it isn't made with npm or to mimick npm. Instead, I had to make a new folder with a name like "lib"

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@takahashiyb](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/takahashiyb)
